The club is located in the decaying carpark of the hypermall. Just for tonight. Towed in by a modded truck, a touring bayanihan has bunkered down for the night, a giant of a vehicle 
equivalent to the width and diameter of six jeepneys and plastered with the bodywork and iconic airbrushed motifs to match. Rizal, CP3, ZupLadO’, and other enshrined deities cover the 
exterior of the club, which is fused to the undercarriage of a monster truck, bumping around on its suspension with the rhythm of the club dwellers inside. It appears like a beacon in 
the darkness, multicoloured light escapes from the windows, lasering out to the sky and refracting off the glass panes of the mall behind it. The resulting multi spectra lightshow lands 
onto the sea of mopeds, bikes and people scattered in a circle around the mobile club, appearing like a car meet. I’m still a considerable distance away. Music dissipates through the air, 
the metallic walls of the club strip the mid and high frequencies, leaving only the rumble of the bass to arrive, washing over my ears and vibrating through my body. Moving closer. Walking 
through the maze of assorted bikes, conversations and voices emerge and descend, contending with each other through the serene bass rumble. Tagalog, English, Taglish, Bicol, Ilocano, 
Cebuano, Kankana-ey, Swardpeak, an offline codification of Jejenese. Rising and falling over and over as I sidestep past the swathes of people. I reach the entrance. A metallic stairway 
made of tread plate glimmering with the variegated lightshow dissipating from the entrance, spilling out onto it, everywhere, one story up in the air above the monster truck wheels, 
beginning the ascent up to the entrance.

Reaching the top of the staircase I walk through the doorway. A massive expanse of a room and a sea of people meet me. More blustery than the crowd outside, not rough, just gently 
rolling with the sound. Pushing and pulling with his gravity, that of Libulan. A certain saccharine shine pervades the space, as if multicoloured lasers are fired at millions of 
disco balls tinted with the rio de janeiro filter, bombarding every orifice and every sensory organ of the body, dazzling off the walls and imbuing the music emanating throughout 
the space with the same corporeal glint. A whirlpool of people forms, circling the central point of the room. A celebration for LiL’ ZupLadO… e$tleelaR3 6i3ailaR3eL, the resident 
DJ of this particular bayanihan is performing tonight. She was pushed out from her home, a body of water devouring some of her family. She’s now living a nomadic lifestyle travelling 
island-island, city-city, in search of her wings. My ears are held by the sparkling embrace of the music, recalling a nostalgia for a time memorably inmemorable. A hybrid between 
pre-decentralisation hyper-ballad style chords and vocals, phantasmagoric in nature, layered over samples of electroacoustic neo-gangsa/solibao Takik ensemble rhythms. Bungkakas 
twang and shapeshift iridescently from ear to ear. Gagong Rapper fantasia. Purely improvisation, the whirlpool of collective consciousness possesses her, envelopes us, channelling 
through her blood, she circles round her body. Samples of Hambog ng Sagpro’s ‘facebook’ are interwoven with our voice, Rizal’s kundiman. Playing off each other, question and answer. 
Ugnayan. Radio stations from different temporal dimensions converging into one point.

.